Migrate links (#1809)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/payments/payments-api-overview.mdx

# Payments API

> The Payments API enables you to process payments through the store’s connected payment gateway. Merchants can receive a payment for an order that was created using either the [Server to Server Checkout API Orders](/docs/rest-storefront/checkouts) endpoint or the [V2 Orders](/docs/rest-management/orders#create-an-order) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Payments API enables you to process payments through the store’s connected payment gateway. Merchants can receive a payment for an order that was created using either the [Store Management Checkouts API](/docs/rest-storefront/checkouts) endpoint or the [Orders API](/docs/rest-management/orders#create-an-order).
```

Process payments by making a sequence of requests to the following two API endpoints:
* Create a payment token:  `https://api.bigcommerce.com/stores/{{STORE_HASH}}/v3/payments/access_tokens`
* Process the payment:  `https://payments.bigcommerce.com/stores/{{STORE_HASH}}/payments`

<Callout type="info">
#### Required OAuth scopes

> Consult the [Payments API Reference](/api-docs/store-management/payments-api-overview) to determine which OAuth permission scopes your application's [API Account](/api-docs/getting-started/authentication/api-accounts) needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consult the [Payments API Reference](/docs/rest-payments/processing/process-payment) to determine which OAuth permission scopes your application's [API Account](/api-docs/getting-started/authentication/api-accounts) needs.
```
